# The script for simulating genome sequence

## simulate-longSequence
`simulate-longSequence` is used to generate simulated sequences with a predefined sequence length and mutation rate.

Example: `simulate-longSequence 10 20 300 1000000 simulate_10_20_300_1M`  
It will generate `20` clusters, each with `300` sequences with a mutation rate of `0.01` (10/1000) and an approximate length of `1,000,000`.
There will be three output files named `simulate_10_20_300_1M_seed.fna`, `simulate_10_20_300_1M_total.fna`, and `simulate_10_20_300_1M.groundTruth`, which corresponds to the seed sequence file, total sequence file, and the cluster groundTruth file, respectively.

* Run as `simulate-longSequence mutation_rate*1000(integer) numSeedSeqs numEachClusts seqLength output`
  * The 0 parameter(`./simulate-longSequence`) is the application name.
  * The 1 parameter(`mutation_rate*1000`) is to set the mutation rate
  * The 2 parameter(`numSeedSeqs`) is the number of seed sequences (number of clusters).
  * The 3 parameter(`numEachClusts`) is the sequence number in a cluster generated from each seed sequence.
  * The 4 parameter(`seqLength`) is the approximate length for each sequence.
  * The 5 parameter(`output`) is the prefix name for ground truth, seed sequences and total simulated sequences FASTA files.

## create-containment-bacteria
`create-containment-bacteria` is used to generate genomes by cutting random proportions ranging from 0.0 to 1.0 in the original seed bacterial genome length.

Example: `create-containment-bacteria input.list 8 50 simulatePath`  
It will generate `8` clusters, each with `50` sequences. 
Each simulated sequence in the cluster is generated by cutting random proportions ranging from 0.0 to 1.0 in the length of an original seed bacteria genome.
The seed bacteria genomes come from the `input.list`, which contains one origin genome path per line.
The similarities between the seed genomes in the `input.list` should be low to promise low inter-cluster similarity. 
There will be `408` genomes files (8 seed genomes and 400 generated genomes) in the `simulatePath` folder.

* Run as: `./create-containment-bacteria input.list num_of_clust num_genomes_each_clust simulatePath`
  * The 0 parameter(`./create-containment-bacteria`) is the application name
  * The 1 parameter(`input.list`) is input parameter, genome file list, one genome path per line. 
  * The 2 parameter(`num_of_clust`) is input parameter, the number of clusters
  * The 3 parameter(`num_genomes_each_clust`) is input parameter, the number of genomes in each cluster
  * The 4 parameter(`simulatePath`) is output path, the output file path
